README.md, before:

# awesome-podcast-episodes

I've been meaning to start keep a list of my favorite podcast episodes as I hear
them, so here goes. Starting with...

### How to Speak by Patrick Winston - MIT OpenCourseWare

Required watching before you give any kind of talk at a conference or other technical talk. Incredible talk. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Unzc731iCUY

### Syntax - Episode 408 - Troubleshooting
Isolating, commenting, commiting, reading the error message, asking for help. Required listening for new developers. Sharpening your troubleshooting skills will make you a better developer. Learn how to troubleshoot in a methodical way so you don't get insanely frustrated. 
https://syntax.fm/show/408/troubleshooting

### The Changelog - Episode 467 - Connecting the dots in public
Featuring SWYX. "What I always say is you can learn so much on the internet, for the low, low
price of your ego." Sean talks about the power of learning in public and his
journey from finance to software developer. 
https://changelog.com/podcast/467

Commit message:

Added - JS Party - Frontend Feud

README.md, after:

# awesome-podcast-episodes

I've been meaning to start keep a list of my favorite podcast episodes as I hear
them, so here goes. Starting with...


### JS Party - Episode 206 - Frontend Feud: React Advanced Edition
JS Party surveyed 100 Javascript Developers and used that as the basis to play a Family Feud type game - FrontEnd fued. 
My biggest takeaway for new developers - “What’s the first thing you do when your code doesn’t work right?” - Number one answer was console.log.
If you are not using console.log regularly - you should be! https://changelog.com/jsparty/206

### How to Speak by Patrick Winston - MIT OpenCourseWare

Required watching before you give any kind of talk at a conference or other technical talk. Incredible talk. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Unzc731iCUY

### Syntax - Episode 408 - Troubleshooting
Isolating, commenting, commiting, reading the error message, asking for help. Required listening for new developers. Sharpening your troubleshooting skills will make you a better developer. Learn how to troubleshoot in a methodical way so you don't get insanely frustrated. 
https://syntax.fm/show/408/troubleshooting

### The Changelog - Episode 467 - Connecting the dots in public
Featuring SWYX. "What I always say is you can learn so much on the internet, for the low, low
price of your ego." Sean talks about the power of learning in public and his
journey from finance to software developer. 
https://changelog.com/podcast/467
